When we reviewed Kafka consumers in lesson two,
we learned about consumers and consumer groups.
We learned that the offset of a consumer is how Kafka keeps track,
of what that consumer has already seen.
How does Faust manage that state?
Thankfully, Faust is always for you automatically, using aioKafka.
But it's still worth understanding what it's doing behind the scenes.
Faust creates a Kafka consumer within the context of the underlying library,
which is responsible for subscribing and concealing events,
from any requests and topics.
The aioKafka consumer is responsible for managing the offsets,
and will periodically commit its own offsets back to Kafka.
The consumer can then forward the message on to
the subscribed agent for the topic, where it's processed.
But the processing of an event completes, in other words,
when that iteration of the Async Iterable ends,
the message is automatically acknowledged.
What's neat about how Faust handles data,
is that it only subscribes to topics at once.
So if you have multiple agents subscribed to the same topic,
Faust consumers will only fetch at once.